.TH mycode 1 "MARCH 2018" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
mycode \- mycode is a security auditing and social-engineering research tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mycode [-debug] [-l
.I language
.B ]
.I attack
.B ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mycode is a security auditing and social-engineering research tool. 
It is a remake of linset by popik with (hopefully) less bugs 
and more functionality. The script attempts to retrieve the WPA/WPA2 
key from a target access point by means of a social engineering 
(phising) attack. It's compatible with the latest release of Kali
(rolling). mycode's attacks' setup is mostly manual, 
but experimental auto-mode handles some of the attacks' 
setup parameters.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-v "
Print version number.
.IP "--help "
Print help page and exit with 0.
.IP "-m "
Run mycode in manual mode instead of auto mode.
.IP "-k "
Kill wireless connection if it is connected.
.IP "-d "
Run mycode in debug mode.
.IP "-x "
Try to run mycode with xterm terminals instead of tmux.
.IP "-r "
Reload driver.
.IP "-l <language>"
Define a certain language.
.IP "-e <essid>"
Select the target network based on the ESSID.
.IP "-c <channel>"
Indicate the channel(s) to listen to.
.IP "-a <attack>"
Define a certain attack.
.IP "--ratio <ratio>"
Define the windows size. Bigger ratio -> smaller window size.
Default is 4.
.IP "-b <bssid>"
Select the target network based on the access point MAC address.
.IP "-j <jamming interface>"
Define a certain jamming interface.
.IP "-a <access point interface>"
Define a certain access point interface.
.SH FILES
.I /tmp/mycodespace/
.RS
The system wide tmp directory. 
.RE
.I $mycode/attacks/
.RS
Folder where handshakes and passwords
are stored in.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP mycodeAuto 
Automatically run mycode in auto mode if exported.
.IP mycodeDebug 
Automatically run mycode in debug mode if exported.
.IP mycodeWIKillProcesses 
Automatically kill any interfering process(es).
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Please checkout the other log files or use 
the debug mode.
.SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
Cyberfee, l3op, dlinkproto, vk496, MPX4132
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR aircrack-ng (8),
